---
title: Avalon Disc Golfers Meeting
date: 2026-01-10
attendees:
  - Ed Hartling
  - Cordale Langford
  - Krista Jacobs
  - Evan Purchase
  - Keagan Pender
  - Zachary Vaters
  - Mike Seymour
  - Roger Andrews
---

## Ice Bowl

- Ed: Gathering place to followup on donating money. Goal for ice bowl is $500 donation.
- Possibly add toplink discs to the player pack. Debate about cost is high.
- Tournament to decide new year of tagging, first place person will start with tag #1.
- Shotgun start would need 72 people for that to work.

**ACTION:** Need to figure out the prizes (last year we had wooden prizes).

## Raising More Money for Donations

- Last year $5 mulligans.
- This year idea is players will have the ability to buy someone's shot back. Goal to raise more money than last year.
- Could buy back the buy back.
- Allow players to purchase buy backs before the round.
- Even if you get an ace, someone else on your card can buy back a shot. Effectively negating the ace pot, that player if they have any buy backs and they buy back the ace, they get the ace pot.
- **Buybacks purchased when you do your player pack stuff.**

Pricing:
1. 3 for $5 mulligans
2. 2 for $10 buy backs

- Set someone up on the course to sell buy backs & mulligans at #9. Asking Adam if he wants to. Or anyone else who isn't playing.

## Ice Bowl Hole Types

Holes 16, 14, 4, 18:

- **Hole 16:** Rip revenge style hole. Three cards per person on hole 16. 52 cards in a pack. We will pull the most punishing cards from the pack.
- **Hole 14:** Blindfold red teepad. **ACTION (Ed):** Figure out the blindfolding system.
- **Hole 4:** Offhand hole.
- **Hole 18:** CTP hole. Blind CTP essentially because you can't see the basket.

**Hide the antler:** Keagan wants to hide the antler on 8 somewhere. If the players find it they get a free shot back for the first person per card.

**ACTION (Roger):** Hide the antler somewhere (since he can't play).

- Sell microfibre cloths and hand warmers.

## CWE Event

- **Date:** May 9th, 2026
- **Location:** McNiven Disc Golf Course
- Someone's coming from Quebec to play. Big Alan Doyle fan, Ed will ask if he can do a celebrity guest shot.

## Putting League

- Will commence Feb 26, 2026, Thursday nights.
- Six weeks long, $5 per person. If you sign up for the six weeks and you don't show, the other person gets a bye.
- First person to make the shot wins. Win by two.
- Gonna find a way to pre register for the league. Probably UDisc.
- Problem was when someone showed up late the start time would be delayed to redo brackets.
- Head to head first one to whatever, single elimination brackets.
- Gonna talk to Noah about using his facility for more options and space to be creative with the shots.
- Need to figure out the prizes.
- Divisions: Mixed, Advanced, General and Female.
- Don't know how to make it noob friendly, the issue is if you get eliminated early on there's nothing for you to do.

## Sunday League

- Ace pot is still accumulating: **$467**
- $200 will be the max amount for the next ace pot.
- Mixed doubles is what people want to reintroduce.
- Each week we do alternating.
- Once the snow goes. Basically right after putting league, end of March, April.
- 8 weeks, offer discounts for committed players. ADG as always, and then full league pass.

## NADGT Stop

- We're asked who will be our Disc manufacturer.
- Kastaplast, Discraft, we probably can't do MVP.
- Three rounds similar to last year.

## Circuit Challenge

- Allan Johnson is considering doing it in July this year.

## ADG Bag Tags

- Coming from Temu.

## McNiven Maintenance

- Solidify certain days for monthly maintenance.
- Look at adding crushed stone near #10 basket, it's pretty prone to ice buildup.
- We need to find a way to improve the vegetation around the course.
- Hole Three: lets get a box, 10 ft around the basket to reward good shots instead of damaging discs.
- Steps on three from red.
- Garbage bags/cans around the course.
- Garbage cans on holes 7, 8, 10 can be emptied for Junior Career Hours.
- Show growth to ask for more land on McNiven.

## Sponsors

- Would like to get the rest of the hole sponsored, seems like free products is a good way to do that versus money.
- Open to ideas for sponsors.

## Grants

- Capital Grant submitted.
- Waiting on the active grants to open up again.

## Disc Supplier in Corner Brook & Tee Box

- Corner Brook Disc Golf Supplier, He can ship to St. John's for a decent price.
- Danny will be doing a restock in the next week. Kastaplast, Innova, Discraft, recommended him to talk to Disc Republic.

## Member Survey

- Survey simplified to compare brands on old survey vs new one for discs.
- Add occupation field to survey.
- Add "list one other hobby" to survey.

**ACTION:** Send disc brands from survey to Ed.

## ADG Tags

- Give tags before league rounds, at the end of the round give them back out in the new ordering based on scores.
- Everyday play is the DGNL tags. Only league rounds for ADG.
- Possibly explore e-tags.

**ACTION (Mike):** Research e-tags.

## Building Junior Involvement Through NL Schools

- Idea to build off of cross country. Point based system.
- Need to find a way to get the schools involved.
- Similarly to how golf is run at schools.
- Could depend on having a teacher to be involved for it to be approved.
